---
title:  "Issue 5: Five Good Weeks​"
byline: "Josh Osborne"
display-date: "7/17/2016"
---
Happy Five Week Anniversary!!! My gift to you is this email. The only thing I ask in return is that you forward this on to someone who might enjoy it.

I’ve witnessed the power of word of mouth help this little community grow pretty quickly in the last Five weeks and I’d really like to keep that going. If you’ve been enjoying Five Good Things, forward it along! If you’re receiving this email from a friend you like; you should probably trust them. [Go subscribe here](http://fivegoodthings.club/). If you’re receiving this email from someone don’t really like; forget them. Five Good Things is probably perfect for you. [Go check out our archive to make sure](http://fivegoodthings.club/), and subscribe right there on the page.

Anyway, in honor of this occasion, I figured I would forgo my usual rant and update you on some things happening here at Five Good Things HQ.

1. I’ve been building a new website with an [improved archive](https://twitter.com/five_goodthings/status/754409604692504576) and a system to experiment with features and longer form writing! The new fivegoodthings.club will have some other new, fun things going on but I'll talk more about that soon.

2. Contributors for future issues are being scheduled and I’ll be able to talk more about that soon as well.

3. Eventually I’d like to convince someone to pay me money to say something nice about their product or service in the email or on the website. If I have any hope of accomplishing my lofty goals or acting on my unreasonable ideas, I’ll need more than the $13 currently in my savings account. I'll keep you posted as I think more about how to do that.

If you're interested in any of these developments, [follow along on Twitter](https://twitter.com/five_goodthings)! K, let's get to it:


### 1. Rap Radio 🎤

My most secret and coveted vice is drive-time rap radio. There are so many really great interview-based hip-hop morning shows out there, but Sway In The Morning is my favorite. For the uninitiated, you probably remember Sway as an MTV VJ. He’s been working with MTV since 2000 and while he’s still an on-air personality and executive producer at MTV, he also hosts a really fantastic daily radio show on Sirius XM. He has this recurring segment called Five Fingers of Death where he asks a rapper to freestyle over five different beats that were specifically picked to trip them up.

Vic Mensa; The Most Woke Individual On The Planet [stopped by Sway’s show a few weeks ago](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMbIH4ObgNM&feature=youtu.be) and gave what might be the greatest Five Fingers of Death performance I've ever witnessed.



### 2. Internet Art 🍥

Instagram is my most carefully curated social network. I’ve unfollowed family & friends for posting sub-par Instagram Content. My feed is perfectly engineered to be a consistent cache of Good Things. A few days ago I came across [Unapologetic Banana’s account](https://www.instagram.com/unapologeticbanana/) and spent a good 30 minutes just scrolling through and bookmarking stuff I liked (everything). Unapologetic Banana seems like a kind of design playground for Abi Kalushi, an architect and designer from DC. Whatever it is, it features quite a lot of Very Good Art and I love it.


### 3. Being The Greatest 🏆

In a tribute to one of the the most lovable and legendary athletes who ever lived, Chance the Rapper (who IMHO is on his way to becoming one of the most lovable and legendary musicians who ever lived) performed a new song on the ESPYs. [It doesn’t have a name yet](https://twitter.com/chancetherapper/status/753725655674531840), but it’s an incredibly well conceived gospel track (a genre that until recently I’ve felt very little connection to) that I hope shows up on an album at some point. I’ve talked about my love for Chance in previous issues of this newsletter, so I won't get into it right now, but this song is special. The fact that he was asked to do something like this and accomplished the task so incredibly well further cements Chance’s place in the history of popular music.

[Check it out on Youtube →](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMTZB24dv2A&feature=youtu.be)

### 4. Storytelling 📖

I’ve been reading a lot about writing recently (not sure why LOL). I found this article in Meanwhile, the newsletter I told you about last week.

Andy Reagan, a researcher at the Computational Story Lab at the University of Vermont [analyzed the text of almost 2,000 stories](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/601848/data-mining-reveals-the-six-basic-emotional-arcs-of-storytelling/). He then used data mining techniques reveal the most common emotional arcs in those stories.

It's really cool work and it'll be even more interesting once they can run this same analysis on stories in different languages. Do stories told in different languages feature the same emotional arcs? I can't wait to find out. Keep doing ur thing Andy.

### 5. Reality 🌞

Right after I sent last weeks issue of Five Good Things, I went out and explored my neighborhood through the augmented (& possibly more enjoyable) reality of Pokemon Go. After dodging many disappointed pedestrians and watching very carefully for cars, I came across a comic book shop that I’d never noticed before called Big Planet Comics. It sounded super familiar, but I couldn’t really place it until I saw a copy of Late Bloomer on a shelf of featured books. As it happens, I’ve bought a few comics from Big Planet. Most recently I ordered [Mare Odomo’s incredible collection of comics and poetry, Late Bloomer](http://retrofit.storenvy.com/collections/29642-all-products/products/16195341-late-bloomer-by-mare-odomo) from their online store. I had no idea this amazing indie comic publisher was based in my city, let alone my neighborhood. [Check out their online store and buy something](http://bigplanetcomics.storenvy.com/)! It’s hard to go wrong with any of their books.

Bonus: Before I left, I grabbed a copy of [Hellbound Lifestyle](http://retrofit.storenvy.com/collections/29642-all-products/products/16594887-hellbound-lifestyle-digital-pdf-by-kaeleigh-forsyth-alabaster-pizzo) by Alabaster Pizzo & Kaeleigh Forsyth. Forsyth kept a bunch of really funny (and sometimes sad) notes in her phone, and Pizzo illustrated them to great effect. It’s available as a PDF download and is well worth your $4.

### TTYL

Thanks for sticking around for the last Five Weeks. I’m not tired of writing these yet, so I think I’ll keep going!!
