---
title:  "Issue 3: Forlorn In The U.S.A.​"
byline: "Josh Osborne"
display-date: "July 6, 2016"
teaser: "Mitski's amazing new record <em>Puberty 2</em>, a story about Denny's & family back home, tiny improv comedy and free rap music."
layout: post
---
Welcome to the Fourth of July issue of Three Good Things! Since it’s a holiday weekend and you’re all probably at the park or grilling a large piece of meat or whatever, I’ll keep this short.

To my American subscribers:
I’m trying not to be negative in these intros, but it’s tough on a day like this. As I grow older and my cocoon of patriotic indifference surrounds me evermore, I find it harder to appreciate the reasons we’re all supposed to celebrate the holiday. Patriotism is exhausting and at this point, I’m really just in it for Slip-N-Slides, grilled food and the three-day-weekend.

To my subscribers abroad:
The Fourth of July is this thing where we forget all of the bad stuff about the United States for 24 hours, grease up the Slip-N-Slide and let loose. A Slip-N-Slide is an incredibly dangerous and unsanitary piece of plastic that we hose down and slide across at birthday parties and barbecues. A barbecue is an event where we’re forced to play cornhole and talk to our parent’s friends. Cornhole is a game, typically played outdoors, that helps to distract us from the unending hell of capitalism.

Happy Fourth, all!!!


### 1. Vampire Rules ⚰

Reply all is a podcast about the internet. It’s also in my opinion, the best podcast on the internet. Hosts PJ Vogt & Alex Goldman insist their show is only about the internet, but since the first episode back in 2014, they’ve been telling these spellbinding stories about humans & our lives in the 21st century. Their most recent episode, Vampire Rules, is a modern mystery-romance involving a dog-sitter, a missed Tinder connection and some very impressive social media sleuthing.

I think you’ll like it. Go listen at [Go listen at gimletmedia.com](https://gimletmedia.com/episode/68-vampire-rules/).<!-- more -->


### 2. Anna Wise ♬

Until recently, Anna Wise seemed to live only in Kendrick Lamar’s musical universe. Her voice has graced some of my favorite songs from Lamar’s catalog. She’s all over 2012’s G.O.O.D. Kid Maad City, pops up a few times on last year’s To Pimp A Butterfly, and was featured this year on my favorite song from Kendrick’s Untitled Unmastered, Untitled 03. She plays all of her characters in Kendrick’s world with this confidence and bravado that perfectly compliments the music. Her debut solo record The Feminine: Act I was finally released a couple of months ago and it’s everything I hoped for. Thanks to the miracle that is [Bandcamp.com](https://www.bandcamp.com) you can listen to it for free right now.

[Go listen to The Feminine: Act 1 →](https://annathewise.bandcamp.com/releases)


### 3. Parties

Later today after the light beer is gone and the last ember of charcoal in your grill fizzles out, you’ll need to remove some drunk neighbors from your premises. Party Pooper is a [delightful, quick game by the folks from Animade](http://party.animade.tv/) and should be great practice.


### U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A.

To my American subscribers:
Enjoy the day and make sure to check for leeches later. Probably wasn't the best idea to aim the Slip-N-Slide directly into the woods. Oh, and [don't forget to tell your friends](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Insert%20your%20message%20of%20devotion%20and%20appreciation%20here.%20%40five_goodthings%20fivegoodthings.club&source=clicktotweet&related=clicktotweet).

To my subscribers abroad:
I'm so, so sorry for everything. Oh, and [don't forget to tell your friends](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Insert%20your%20message%20of%20devotion%20and%20appreciation%20here.%20%40five_goodthings%20fivegoodthings.club&source=clicktotweet&related=clicktotweet).

— Josh
